Jk/cumulus 2759 (#2590)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- **CUMULUS-2311** - RDS Migration Epic Phase 2
  - **CUMULUS-2759**
    - Updates collection/provider/rules/granules creation (post) endpoints to

>       primarily check for existance/collision in postgres database instead of DynamoDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      primarily check for existence/collision in PostgreSQL database instead of DynamoDB
```
🐜
